So as of now i can think that if we want the program to work we need to find the closest point on the triangle. Which needs the triangle. 

I think the possibl triangle is with the mesh. Because mesh structure is possible with the indices and vertices. 

We are having the same number of vertices as the triangle need to form. 

And we are already having the structure which is going to calculate the indices of the triangl. 

If we go through this way then only thing required is changing the indices vertices according to dofferent modes.

Before taking this step, i think i should go with reading the paper on the triangle mesh. 

If that is correct, then i am going to use that method for calcaultion of the triangle vertices.

But i think it would be better to have atleast some idea of what would be the next step because it would like how we are going to calculate the actual values of the lambda or Freg?


The new thing to do in PA5 is to define the sk. For inital guess, we are defining the sk = ck. 

sk and dk are defind correctly. 
 
 Now we can take the input the files 

 so the import works

 now we have to check wherther the vertices are working or not 

 It looks like somewhat the program is working. 

 I don't know whether this program is finding the correct values in PA5 mesh or pa4. 

 Actually both the files are same so it doesn't matter what the file we are haivng. 

- What i have to do in this file?
- What are the changes we need to make?
- Why the program is working fine?
- What should be the output?
- What should be the value of the input?
- Why the program need to change?
- What changes we want?
- Where we want the changes?
- How we can make those changes?
- What is the plan of working  with those changes?

I think the changes we need is in the triangle closest point.

- How to calculate the ck?

We have to create a logic. And create a for loop over the sk. 

- what's the structure of sk?
Sk is of length 150x3
one row contains one point. 
we have to input one point in trianglClosestPoint

so for this i am creating a for loop 

okay so we have sk one value we can input that tp triClpse point 

the first goal is to find the closest triangle for first point. 

- What does this for loop will do?
This for loop will loop over the all valus of point in sk.

WE need to create some kind of if else statement. 

the goal of if else is to find the point with the smallest distance 

I don't think this is nice choice.

1. We have triangle.

We are choosing the closest point on the triangle. Keeping the triangle fix, we only iterate with the point. 

As we will have only one fixed closest point. We can iterate over many points. 

if the new distance is closer than the previous distance, then we take it as closest distance.

We assigned a variable called count. With this variable it will increment with the loop. 

I don't want to assigned
We can either assign the number in 

We have assigned the number. 

But now i think it's good to check sk. 
I will do the check but the first thing is to check the inital distance

If the value of the estimated distance is less than the value previously assigned to te distance. 

For i=0
mesning the start of the iteration.
We defined the distace calculated as the inital choice.
After doing that, we can compare the calculated distance wit the new distance 
if it comes true then the new distance will replace the old distance.

and the output will be the pp0 where the pp0 is the closest point. 

we've two answer of the output. we can actually compare it without going through that process. 

loop is not working. it was not working because of break. it's insance

Why the ne w poit is not chanign?

lets see what will happen if we give different points 

Closest point is not working correctly/


It is returning the same input point. 

I think we should the closest point on the triangle with some othe method.  

This funciton is calcualing the closest distance, not the closeest point. 

Can we draw a normal and 

If that is the closest point, then 

In relity i don't know how I am going to complete this assignment.

Because the previous functon is not working. 

I think as of now we don't have any choice than think that the point that we are having is the closest.

And in the report we have to write about he brute force search for finding the closest point on the triangle. 

There is no point in wating the time in such thing. We only have to calcualte the closeset point on the triangle. 


We thought that the closest point on the triangle is going to be calcualted from many triangles. The shortest distance will be the closest point. 

So for that we can do one thing, it is to find the cloest point an also the closest distance correspondig to that closest point. 

IF there is some change in the closet point and the closeset distance, than we hit the head of the nail. Otehrwise there is soem error. 

I think the final answer is workig fine 

so we can use this to append the ck 

Now the final thing is to use the for loop. 

I should have done the reverse. 

Using triangle mesh, and then make that thing into loop. 

Actually it's now consuming more and more time and this should not to be in this manner. 

I should take a break. 

Now if we are going to calculate the

It should be reverse.

- What need to be reversed?
Use one more for loop and inside that amke the change in TRI

- Nowwe can hav the 

With the inner loop, we will calcualte the closeset point 

With this method we are having reperated same closest point, which is impossible sitionaion.

Now it looks good. We are having varuable closest points 

After that, we can define the ICP to calcualte the Freg. 


